---
layout:     post
title:      There's No App for that
date:       2017-02-14
summary:    project proposal
categories: independent-project
---

We’re now living in the age of the internet.
There’s an app for everything. Everything you can possibly think of can be done on your phone, on your tablet, on your laptop and now even on your watch. There is information everywhere, on demand.

If you want anything, you can have it here and now.

However, the rise of this era people are becoming less and less human. Taking less time to nurture the social skills that matter and becoming more and more isolated. Humans are becoming more like robots.

I want to change the mind of millennials that not everything they want is ‘on demand’. Some things in life take time to develop; relationships, trust, friendship. Things that really matter.

I have a great interest in technology and how I can change lives with it. As a graphic designer, it is hard ignore the power of technology, especially apps. Even all industries are shifting towards a requirement for everyone to know to at least read code. (Even I’m helping art/design students to find collaboration on demand).

This project will allow me to question the morals behind the technology around us, to look into the missing link and challenge myself as both a design and human being that is immersed in such environment.

Secondary research will include work already done on instant gratification, not specifically relating to technology. Also research about millennials, books, essays and articles relating to the topic.

Primary research will include interviewing people in how they build social skills, how they become happy, how they build relationships, how they build relationships etc.
Targeting: those grown up in a digital age, those introduced to the digital age, and those trapped in a digital age.

A campaign aimed to make social change, currently thinking about a non-digital format
I want this project to be public facing, to have my say in society in a physical space.

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/5MC2X-LRbkE" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>
